Docs: Add a disclaimer for users who set up health-checks and prometheus endpoints in a containers environment. (#2194)
apollographql/router: docs/source/configuration/metrics.mdx

      path: /metrics
```

## Using in a containers environment

The prometheus endpoint listens to 127.0.0.1 by default, which won't allow connections issued from a network.

> While this is a safe default, *other containers won't be able to access the prometheus endpoint*, which will prevent the pods from scraping the metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While this is a safe default, *other containers won't be able to access the prometheus endpoint*, which will disable metric scraping.
```
